Readme.md, before:

### Overview

ChessBot is a free UCI chess engine written in Java. It is
not a complete chess program and requires some UCI-compatible GUI
(e.g. XBoard with PolyGlot, eboard, Arena, Sigma Chess, Shredder, Chess
Partner or Fritz) in order to be used comfortably. Read the
documentation for your GUI of choice for information about how to use
ChessBot with it.

### Run ChessBot

To execute ChessBot as an UCI-Engine run `java -jar ./ChessBot.jar`.

### Terms of use

ChessBot is free, and distributed under the **GNU General Public License**
(GPL). Essentially, this means that you are free to do almost exactly
what you want with the program, including distributing it among your
friends, making it available for download from your web site, selling
it (either by itself or as part of some bigger software package), or
using it as the starting point for a software project of your own.

The only real limitation is that whenever you distribute ChessBot in
some way, you must always include the full source code, or a pointer
to where the source code can be found. If you make any changes to the
source code, these changes must also be made available under the GPL.

For full details, read the copy of the GPL found in the file named
*LICENSE*

Commit message:

add instructions for installing java JRE
 as mentioned in #1

Readme.md, after:

### Overview

ChessBot is a free UCI chess engine written in Java. It is
not a complete chess program and requires some UCI-compatible GUI
(e.g. XBoard with PolyGlot, eboard, Arena, Sigma Chess, Shredder, Chess
Partner or Fritz) in order to be used comfortably. Read the
documentation for your GUI of choice for information about how to use
ChessBot with it.

### System Requirements
Install the latest (>= Java 1.8) Java Runtime Environment from https://java.com/en/download/, or install the Open JDK (`sudo apt-get install openjdk-8-jre`)

### Run ChessBot

To execute ChessBot as an UCI-Engine run `java -jar ./ChessBot.jar`.

### Terms of use

ChessBot is free, and distributed under the **GNU General Public License**
(GPL). Essentially, this means that you are free to do almost exactly
what you want with the program, including distributing it among your
friends, making it available for download from your web site, selling
it (either by itself or as part of some bigger software package), or
using it as the starting point for a software project of your own.

The only real limitation is that whenever you distribute ChessBot in
some way, you must always include the full source code, or a pointer
to where the source code can be found. If you make any changes to the
source code, these changes must also be made available under the GPL.

For full details, read the copy of the GPL found in the file named
*LICENSE*
